## Argus Data Collection

To collect data, we remotely connect to the Argus module via a hotspot generated by a Tenda wireless module. It connects through USB to the rog.

To launch the hotspot:
```
./start_hotspot.sh
```

To check that it worked:
```
nmcli connection show
```

And you should see a name called "Hotspot-2" with device "wlxc83a35c807b4"

Once hotspot is up, power on the raspberry pi (connected to robot). Once it turns on, it's set up to automatically connect to the hotspot. You can check this by turning the pi on, waiting a minute, and running:
```
sudo arp-scan --interface=wlxc83a35c807b4 --localnet
```

This should produce a result which looks like:
ip_addr     mac_addr     Raspberry Pi Trading Ltd

If you see Raspberry Pi anywhere, you're good! Sometimes this takes a while after the pi turns on. If you still don't see the Pi appear but the hotspot is enabled, you may need to connect to Pi via ethernet to fix it (see final section).

Now, the rog and the Pi are connected, and you can ssh in to remotely access the Pi:
```
ssh argus@192.168.50.10
```

If this doesn't work, it's possible the ip address changed. Use the arp-scan command above to get the ip address (first entry) and use that instead of 192.168.50.10 .

For data collection, we need to first turn on the camera and imu. The following script opens two windows, which each ssh's into the Pi and activates a node:

```
./start_argus_nodes.sh
```

This just turns the sensors on, to actually start collecting data use the following script, replacing TRIAL_NAME (no spaces) with the name of the trial:

```
./start_argus_recording.sh TRIAL_NAME
```

Pressing Ctrl + C will end the trial safely, and save the data. 

To retrieve data from the Pi once a trial is over, I made the following convenience script which syncs the pi's /bags with a local directory of your choice:
```
./transfer_bags.sh ~/ArgusArmExperiment/bags
```

Then, you can use the following to play the bags locally:
```
source /opt/ros/humble/setup.bash
ros2 bag play -l ~/ArgusArmExperiment/bags/TRIAL_NAME
```

And to view the camera feed (from another terminal, while above is looping):
```
source /opt/ros/humble/setup.bash
rqt
```
Plugins > Visualization > Image View

## GENERAL ARGUS SSH INFO:

To connect via the hotspot:

```
ssh argus@192.168.50.10
```

And enter password: ArmLab19
(password shouldn't be needed because this is a known host, but still)

for ethernet if connected:

```
ssh argus@10.42.0.59
```

If the ip has changed for wifi, run this on the rog:
```
sudo arp-scan --interface=wlxc83a35c807b4 --localnet
```

for ethernet:
```
sudo arp-scan --localnet
```

they'll check for local devices, you should see a device with:
ip_addr     mac_addr     Raspberry Pi Trading Ltd


use ssh argus@ip_addr to login

